# This is application development ver 1.1 -------- by e1800949

This application offers a possibility to turn a Raspberry Pi as a sound device. 
The application comes with 2 functions: a sound collector and a test tone 
generator.

List of content:
	1. Configuration Instructions
		Have a SD card and download "Noobs" ZIP file to the SD card.
		A Raspberry PI
		An Ethernet 
		USB Soundcard
		Recording devices
		Power cable connect from the RPI to Computer

	2. Installation Instructions
		Download the "Noobs" ZIP file to SD card
			Link download: https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/
		Set up the RPi Default Booting and Keyboard layout
		Specify the email address which is received the IP address
		Set up USB sound Card as Default
		Install libcurl	

	3. Operating Instructions
		Using Linux as Compiler	
		Operating files command:
			make clean: to remove all unnecessary files
			make: to update all the changes and check your errors
			./sound.out: to execute the sound wave file
			./sound.out arg: to execute the the testTone function
		Command to make a copy of file
			scp "file you want to copy" "your email address" :.
				Example: scp sound.php e1800949@shell.puv.fi:.	
		Create a Github account and upload to the website using commands:
			git status: to check the condition of the files
			git add: to add files to staging area
			git commit: create a new commit containing the current contents of the index and
					    the given log message describing the changes
			git push: upload local file in staging area to a remote repository
	4. List of Files (Manifest)
		README
			Instruction to the project.
		comm.c
			Communication files between Raspberry Pi and the server.			
		comm.h
			Header file of Communication file.
		main.c
			Main file of the project.
		makefile
			A text file contain way to compile code and way to clean the unncessary file
		screen.c
			This file contain screen function. They are used to display sound levels on a screen as a bar chart
		screen.h
			Specify color and some constant value as define and some function to screen.c
		sound.c
			This file contain testTone function and connect to .wav file
		sound.h
			Specify some constant value as define and some function to sound.c
		sound.php
			File to present the result of .wavfile
		testcurl.c
			File contains function to test the libculb
	5. Copyright / Copyleft
		All the file is written by Nguyen Duy Hung. You can copy but don't edit. 		

	6. Contact Info. 
		Nguyen Duy Hung - e1800949
		email: hungnguyen150300@gmail.com

	7. Credits and Acknowledgements
		The project is being instructed by Dr.Gao Chao.
		Author : Nguyen Duy Hung (VAMK)
